# TradeTicket
As of now, there is an increasingly great demand on the market for second hand tickets. The culture of festivals, concerts and other various events is booming in Georgia and all over the world.  Our Facebook Group "ბილეთების შავი ბაზარი", which was created particularly to resell and exchange tickets is growing rapidly with 70k active users and 5 Million post views in the last 7 months. However, people face problems that obstructs them to trade comfortably and lowers their trust. These problems are disorder and Fraud. 
There is no effective way to find appropriate second hand ticket on the market, therefore, Buyer and seller often can not find each other. We created a survey where almost 500 group members participated. 62% of them were concerned with the low possibility of actually reselling the ticket.
Scammers often sell their tickets to several buyers causing only one of them to enter the event and others to be left behind. We recorded almost four hundred cases of fraud last year and that number is only a fraction of total scams. In our survey, 91% of the respondents said they did not trust resellers. Most frequently, they ask the seller for their ID but that does not guarantee anything, because, mostly, the identification is fake or belongs to someoe else. There is no way for the buyers to ensure that they will enter the desired event. Because of this, they prefer not to try at all and the overall rate of trading diminishes. We estimate that at least $ 100k worth of tickets were fraudulent last year. On TradeTicket, these problems will not be relevant. Buyers will be able to easily search and find the ticket they want along with the additional information about the sellers. Sellers have a way to quickly upload and list their ticket after verifying. Our exclusive method called SafeScan along with the team of experienced lawyers guarantees your safety. The automated system and additional functions ensure the effectiveness of the process.
